npm i express-session
import session from 'express-session';
var session = require('express-session');

app.use(session({
    secret : 'iamkey',
    resave : false,
    saveUninitialized : true,
    cookie : {
        path : '/', httOnly : true , secure : false, maxAge : 5000
    }
}))


secret -> This is the secret used to sign the seesion ID cookie . This can be either a string for a single secret , or an array of multuiple secretes . If an array of secrets is porvided , only the first element will be used to sign the session ID cookie , while all the elements will be considered when verifying the signature in requests. The secret itself should be not easily parsed by a human and woild best be a random set of characters.



resave -> It forces the session to be saved back to the session store , even if the session was never modified during the request . True If it does not implement the touch method and your store sets an expirtation date on stored sessions . False if it implements the touch method



name -> The name of the session ID cookie to set in the response . The default value is 'connect.sid'.


proxy -> Trust the reverse proxy when setting secure cookies.


store - > The session store instance , defaults to a new MemoryStore instance.


req.session -> To store or access data , simply use the request propertyu req.session , which is (generally) serialized as JSON by the store , so nested objects are typically fine.


req.session.regenerate() -> To regenerate the session simply invoke the method . Once complete , a new  SID and Session  will be initialied at the req.session and the callbac kwill be invoked.

req.session.destroy() -> To destroy the session simply invoke the method . Once complete , the session will be removed from the store , the req.session object will be empty and the callback will be invoked.


req.session.reload() -> To reload the session simply invoke the method . Once complete , the session will be reloaded from the store and the callback will be invoked.

req.session.id -> To get the session ID simply access the property . The value will be a string.

Cookie.originalMaxAge - > The originalMaxAge from the options in milliseconds.

